CIVIC annotation added (#22)
d3b-center/OMPARE: code/tier_classification/README.md

3) insertions or deletions that are within exons described by CIVIC will be annotated as well (files used are `del_exon_civic_annotated.tsv` and `ins_exon_civic_annotated.tsv`)
4) lastly, any remaining entries with mutations in genes listed in `mutation_general_civic.tsv` will be annotated 

2. Annotate fusions using `fusion_column_only.tsv` and `fusion_word_only.tsv`
1) `fusion_column_only.tsv` is used to annotate specific fusions with both gene partners
2) then if any fusion has a fusion partner in the file `fusion_word_only.tsv`, the entry will be annotated

3. Annotate expression results using `expression_all_civic.tsv`
4. Annotate gain and loss from CNV results using `amplification_only_civic.tsv`, `cnv_loss_civic.tsv` and `deletion_general_civic.tsv`

5. Annotate all the rest using `alteration_civic.tsv`
For any of the entries that were not annotated by the previous 4 steps, they would be annotated if the gene is annotated in `alteration_civic.tsv`.

Based on the civic evidence level, add additional tier or upgrade tier based on the following rules 

> 1. Tier I: designated as A or B in `evidence_level_civic`

Reviewer: similar question here - are you adding on civic to the current tier classification criteria (which is the goal)?

Author: Correct.

2. Tier II: designated as C or D in `evidence_level_civic`

> 3. Tier III: designated as C or D in `evidence_level_civic`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Tier III: designated as E in `evidence_level_civic`
```
